Node.js:
Its a Js that runs outside the web application.
On a regular computer, using Node.js
That's why it's used too build servers, - backend.
however, not only, you can build an app that runs without the usage of a sever

Terminal:
Its a program that lets you run commands on the Windows, Or inside a App inside your Pc.
Terminal always, is inside a specific files, Commands can be used only inside this file.

this is CMD for example:
(dir) a command that shows, all the directorys inside a file.
(cd (someDirectory name)) enters this file.

all the terminals let you do different stuff in your pc / app in it.

CLI
Command-Line Interface,
A couple of commands, in a console, that start with the same starting name:


like in git:
git init
git add . 
git commit -m"Hello"
so Git is considered (CLI):

which is a couple of cmnds that start with git.

Library:
Separate code that a project uses, in order too do some kind of commands.
For example:
You can build a library that checks whether an email is valid is no.

Framework:
Its a system, for building projects, She sets the coder, how too work in the project.
What are the rules,
What are the files inside the project.
Framework, changes the code, in the end too something else.

Vanilla:
Working with a native without any framework.
For example working with JS without

Component:
A specific component of UI in a project.
It does not exist, in native Html.

You can modify it however you want,
Basically for example a button labeled with a Switch label will be in native html like this:


<div>
<label>Switch</label>
<input type="checkbox">
</div>

You need 3 Different labels too create this specific button component.!!!!

In more modern html and css, you use different files, and put inside the components.

and in the main page you are editing you Just simply Call the Components name and it is shown.



MPA:
Multi-Page Application:
Its simply a multi, page site, with 2 or more pages.
That all the pages, are in the SERVER!!!!!,
Every time a customer, clicks on a different page, he takes info from the server.

Pros:
A customer gets only the page, he needs.
You can build all of this in the server.

Cons:
Every new page a user wants too enter, he needs too use the server energy.
Global, vars, are deleted every time, change a page.
SLOW AF

SPA:
The same but with a single page:
The page it self is blank,
However the page has a link that is connected Too JS that builds localy all the Html Css Dynamically.

Pros:
There is no need, too glide too the server an take info a bunch of times, only one time.
The global data is saved when you change pages!!!.
All the pages are built in the customer site.
FAST!!!

Cons:
The customer, Gets all the site in a single click, (But you can fix it using lazy loading).


You cannot build this, with 2 different coding Technologies.

React:
Is a framework, that builds online sites in SPA, that is based on components.
The infostructure of react, Uses JS outside the web. Thats why you have too use nodeJS







